prune deprecated profiler as bool (#6164)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

> - Removed Trainer argument `profiler` as bool ([#6164](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6164))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed support for passing a bool value to `profiler` argument of Trainer ([#6164](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/6164))
```
I suggest this reformulation to be clear we are removing the bool support, not the argument.
